hello everybody it's the man the myth
the legend quad mft here bringing you
one of my first ever black ops 2 sniping
gameplay on the map Plaza using the
amazing ballista sniper rifle as and you
can see in this game play I have some
pretty good accuracy and that is because
I have history of being a sniper you can
see right here I picked up a really nice
two piece and I was really clean in my
opinion I used to have such a big
history of being a sniper always wanting
to join different clans phase and sore
but that was at least two years ago now
I've moved on to commentating and just
youtube in general but I really hope you
guys enjoy this game play this is a
double swarm only using the ballista on
the map Plaza in broward domination so
today I thought I'd give you guys my
opinions on what the sniper rifles and
just overall sniping like is in black
ops 2 so i'm sure you guys hear this
practically every single day people
always saying oh my gosh and black ops 2
the snipers are such bullcrap the
snipers are so bad everybody uses them
and just one hits me across the map and
trust me guys these snipers usually do
get one hit kills besides the SVU but
you can still get a one hit kill with
the SVU sniper rifle just as long as you
hit them in the head or if you're
playing hardcore but in my opinion I
think the sniper rifles are probably the
most balanced guns in the game back in
mw3 they were pretty balanced back in
black ops 1 they were not balanced at
all black ops 1 the sniper rifles in my
opinion because I did quickscope a lot
back in black ops 1 they were not very
good at all guys you kind of have to
admit it they work good really they
scoped in really slow they didn't do a
lot of damage you'd get a lot of hate
markers and just overall just not good
with them it really wasn't a good time
but really back in modern warfare two
they were overpowered I'm sure all of
you guys probably have played modern
warfare 2 recently or at least three
years ago and you I'm sure you remember
the sniper rifles as being completely
overpowered because in my opinion that's
all anybody does now back on mw2 besides
a few commentators you still like to
play modern warfare 2 a lot and posted
on their channel but really guys the
sniper rifles were so overpowered
because if you just slap it on slide a
hand if you had the pro version sleight
of hand pro you were able to aim down
sight and quick scope very very fast
which gave you a very big advantage
because
being able to quickscope so fast and aim
down sight so fast is because and is why
it was able to be like a shotgun a
sniper rifles back in modern warfare 2
we're basically if you were really
accurate if you were really good with
the toggles I'll or your mouse on your
keyboard or whatever it is you were able
to absolutely beast on guys if you had
the correct accuracy if you knew the
right buttons to push at the right time
oh my gosh it was absolutely amazing let
alone the montages people were making
with the crazy trick shots I couldn't
even comprehend those that's probably
one of the reasons why I left sniping
but really guys this is in black ops 2
really great in my opinion there's no
perk that will actually let you scope in
really fast there's only an attachment
and I believe that attachment only
applies to LMGs maybe shotguns I know it
applies to submachine guns an assault
rifle to the quick-draw attachment I'd
like it if they have it for sniper
rifles but in my opinion that's probably
a little be a little bit overpowered but
really guys the snipers and black ops
tuned my opinions are very balanced i'm
really loving them alrighty so I
definitely suggest sniping in black ops
2 it's just really good thing to switch
up the pace you know try out something a
little bit different than constantly
always using the assault rifles and the
submachine guns definitely go and try
that out my opinion sniping is a lot of
fun and you can see right there I get
the relentless medal in the gameplay
which means I'm on a 20 gunstreak with
the ballista I was really really
surprised that I was able to pull that
off I die to believe three or four off
the nuclear which in my opinion would
have been even more impressive if I was
able to get that but you know black ops
2 it's what you're gonna do and that's
how you're gonna get really guys not
always the most legit things happen in
black ops 2 but trust me guys I'm really
loving black ops 2 it's a great game and
I really hope you guys can go out and
try sniping sniping in my opinions a lot
of fun really definitely a pace which
and it's a lot of fun so remember to
leave a like rating down below if we
could try and hit 115 likes on this
video that'd be really awesome right
there I pick up the second storm of the
game it's been quite mft and i'll see
you next time